Satono Group G1 Association
There's not long now until the
first race of the Fall G1 season.
Yes. I'm going to make
sure I win the Kikkashou.
We'll be rooting for you, so do your best.
Of course. I'll do everything I can to
deliver a G1 victory to the Satono family.
That sounds promising! We'll
be looking forward to it.
If you'll excuse us.
It should be quite a race.
The old men have their hopes
pinned on you, as usual.
How are you feeling heading
into the Kikkashou?
Good so far. Crown-chan, are you
going on another overseas excursion?
First, I'll be running in the Fall Tennoushou.
Let's both do our best.
Right!
Crown lost the Satsukishou due to
her trouble running diagonally.
Dia's Satsukishou went the same way,
and in the Derby, her shoe broke...
It makes me wonder how the
Kikkashou will turn out.
Dia has all of the necessary ability,
but still couldn't win...
I suppose it's just the Satono jinx.
Maybe Satono horse girls
really can't win G1 races.
Crown-chan...
But they...
It's the results that matter.
Episode 6
\hDiamond
Dia seems fired up.
She's in really good shape.
At this rate, the 3,000-meter distance
and hills of the Kikkashou
shouldn't be any problem.
The final race of the classic Triple Crown.
This time, she can win!
I think so too.
The Satsukishou, the Derby...
I was in perfect condition, physically
and mentally, both times.
I thought the jinx was
nothing to worry about...
I was going to win and prove that.
And yet...
Whoa, and on the outside, it's Divinity!
Divinity is making a lot of sudden headway!
Number eight, Satono Diamond, put up a
great fight but came a step short!
If running fast and being
strong isn't enough...
I'll take the jinx on.
Time to eat!
It's time for today's last two horoscopes.
Horoscopes
In 11th place is Aquarius.
11th Place
Aquarius
No matter what you try,
it's going to go poorly today.
Aquarius
No matter what you try today, it won't go well
Your unlucky color:     red
You should be careful around red things.
Red...
Shichimi
Seasoning
Table
Pepper
With that much shichimi peppers in it, I don't think
you can even drink the soup anymore—
Are you okay, Dia-chan?!
Aquarius
No matter what you try today, it won't go well
Your unlucky color:     red
Sure, I'm fine.
Sorry, Kita-chan, but I'm gonna
head out early today.
O-Okay.
Aquarius
No matter what you try today, it won't go well
Your unlucky color:     red
I wonder what's gotten into her?
And in last place is Pisces.
That's me!
Stats Are Good, But So Are Fortunes
Best Value
Fukukitaru-san, could you
tell my fortune, please?
Yep, yep, mhmm.
Very well.
It's bad.
You must avoid heading eastward.
It will bring bad fortune.
Unlucky things will happen around you.
East, then?
Correct. Avoid the east at all costs.
It's very bad luck!
Fuku-chan-senpai, isn't there
anything she can do?
Is there any hope?
Not to worry!
Hope lies in the west!
Never mind that.
Thank you for your help.
Does she not need hope?!
What was Dia-chan up to this morning?
Dia-chan?
This way is east.
Dia-chan?!
It'll take more than this...
Good! That takes care of
Fukukitaru-san's fortune.
Next!
Fortune?
C
o
p
a
n
o
You want to know how to summon bad luck?
Yes. What kind of things should I do?
Well, feng shui is pretty
helpful in avoiding bad luck!
So leave it to me.
I'll explain it to you, rickety-split!
Dia-chan, areas with a lot of wood
seem to be bad for you at the moment.
They might mean bad luck.
A lot of wood, then...
Thank you.
You be careful!
Coppa-careful!
Feng shui?
A place with a lot of wood... This should do.
Another day of training!
Let's dash, dash, dash!
Dash, dash, dash!
Dash! Dash!
Dash-ash-ash!
Dash, dash, dash!
Dash!
Da—
shing!
Shing?!
Bakushin O-san?!
Good. That takes care of
Rickey-san's feng shui.
Next!
Library
Let's see here...
The Seven Wonders of
Tracen Academy
100 Entries
"If you play the piano in
the music room at 4:44,
a ghost with only legs will appear"?
Seven Wonders of Tracen Academy
Okay...
Where'd Dia-chan get to now?
Please don't play the piano
Well, I didn't run into any
leg ghost... Another one down.
A leg ghost!
Dia-chan... what's going on with her today?
I'm home.
Welcome back, Kita-chan.
What's with the critters, Dia-chan?!
They've been helping me train a bit.
Th-They have?
Right. Crows and black cats
are considered ominous, right?
So when it comes to jinxes—
My collection!
So you're training to beat the jinx?
Right.
I started thinking...
If the Satono jinx is real, then being
strong won't be enough to break it.
Which is why I'm training to
defeat all kinds of jinxes,
so that I can be ready no matter
what happens at the Kikkashou!
That explains the black
cat and crow, I guess.
But don't overdo it, okay?
It's all right. You worry too much, Kita-chan.
I should go and run.
But it's so late!
True. But I didn't train enough this morning.
See you later.
Take care.
Seven Wonders of Tracen Academy
If you drink a 666ml glass of honey drink, misfortune will befall you
Those who are on the campus grounds at the stroke
of midnight will be unable to return home
What is the Kikkashou?
Kikkashou
I'll overcome whatever comes my way!
And win a G1 for the Satono family!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
The Satono family...
Our family has contributed a great deal
to the sport of horse girl racing,
from working with the administration
to participating in charitable works.
But the greatest achievement
in the field of racing,
fielding a horse girl that can
win a G1 race, has proved elusive.
Field Day
I was lucky enough to be born
with a talent for running.
People would watch me race.
When I made first place,
they would be happy.
When I was young, that made
me happier than anything else.
It was natural for me to yearn
for this particular dream.
To pursue a G1 victory, the way
the older Satono girls were doing.
But...
Waiting Room
I really did try my hardest.
But I didn't come close... to winning a G1.
I'm sorry, Dia.
Everyone's going to pin
their hopes on you now.
I shouldered the unfulfilled
dreams and frustrations
of my family as they left the turf.
I started to feel more strongly...
That I would win, for all their sakes.
That I would bring victory...
and hope to the Satono family.
And yet...
Even Dia-san couldn't win.
She's so strong, but keeps having
bad luck at the last second.
The Satono jinx has to be real.
No matter how hard we try,
we can't win G1 races.
Is there any point to us even debuting?
I have to win.
Win and bring hope to them!
It's on me.
Training to break a jinx, huh?
She's been training so
much longer than usual,
and no matter what I ask,
she just says it's fine.
I can't help but worry.
You sure you've got time to
worry about someone else?
She's plenty strong! Don't sweat it!
Still...
Who doesn't worry about their friends?
And unlike you, Kitasan actually cares!
Say what?! Nobody cares more
about their friends than me!
They call me "Golshi, the
friendliest horse girl"!
Maybe you could give her
something to ward off bad luck?
A sports drink would work!
I see... chase off the bad luck, huh?
It would.
Then a good luck charm should do.
And then maybe...
A sports drink!
One more time.
You're certainly working hard.
M-McQueen-san?!
What are you doing here?
Would you care for a chat?
How are you feeling?
Fantastic.
The last race of the classic Triple Crown...
No matter what, I intend to win.
Kitasan's worried about you.
That's what got me wondering.
H-Honestly, Kita-chan's such a worrywart.
Gosh.
Is she?
You're sure you're not overdoing it?
"Satono horse girls can't win G1 races."
Have you heard that before?
Yes.
I didn't think it could be real.
That it was foolish to even consider.
I believed that for so long.
But then...
I can't keep losing.
At the Kikkashou, finally...
I'll break the Satono jinx, and then—
Jinxes are the kind of thing someone
comes up with after the fact.
That's what I believe.
But that can't be! At the
Satsukishou, and the Derby, I—
Then are you familiar with this one?
"The strongest horse girls are
the ones who win the Kikkashou."
I've heard it...
If that jinx was true, that would mean that
Kitasan and I won the
Kikkashou because of it.
That some strange power led us to victory.
That's not true! You and Kita-chan
won because you're both strong!
Not because of some jinx!
And I believe that's all there is to it.
Just a bit of nonsense
that someone thinks up.
It's true that you ran into
misfortune this spring, Satono-san.
But bad luck and shoe trouble
are common enough in racing.
They... are?
Of course.
Considering that this is coming
from the Kikkashou winner
who was considered so
dominant that it was boring...
Surely you must be convinced.
But the jinx—
I know what it's like.
To race for your family's sake...
The weight of running while
carrying your family's lineage.
It's quite a burden, but you've
never run from that pain.
You've looked forward through
the pain and given your all.
That's not the kind of thing anyone can do.
Your line was cut off on the track,
which pushed you into third
place at the Satsukishou.
And you were within a breadth of winning the
Japanese Derby, despite your shoe breaking.
I honestly felt that you seemed
stronger than anyone else.
The effort you've expended,
the feelings you've pursued...
are not the kind of things that can be
blunted by a jinx someone concocted.
McQueen-san...
Please, believe in yourself.
You are a strong horse girl.
You'll need to rest properly so that you
can be at full strength for the race.
And nothing else.
Don't you see?
Then perhaps I'll give you the
best piece of advice I know.
A rabbit was looking at a turtle.
And the turtle—
Can I ask you for one thing?
What might that be?
Please come to see the Kikkashou.
I'll cross the finish
line before anyone else.
Right. I'll be looking forward to it.
Thank you so much.
I'm back... huh?
Welcome back, Dia-chan.
Kita-chan?
What is all this?
I gathered up a bunch of lucky
items to help you break the jinx.
Here you go!
Good luck
Thanks. Sorry for worrying you.
But I'm okay now.
That's a relief.
In that case, let's toast to Dia's comeback!
We've got a huge crowd here this
autumn at the Tokyo Racecourse,
for the final act of the
classic Triple Crown...
Which horse girl will
the spotlight shine down on?
Three thousand meters of turf are waiting.
All 18 runners are headed toward the gate.
As they begin to enter...
I believe.
In the dreams that have been entrusted
to me, and my own strength,
that I've built from running so much—
And the number 18 horse girl,
Royal Tartan, is now inside the gate.
I am the strongest!
And the Kikkashou has begun!
It looks like number 17, Tip-of-Turn,
is off to a late start.
Number two, Jakarta Funk, and number five,
Chief Parser, are moving up.
They're passing the others.
The featured number three, Satono Diamond,
is about five to six lengths from the lead.
It's said that the the final race of the
classic Triple Crown, the Kikkashou,
is won by the strongest horse girls.
Do you know why?
Because this race is—
You told me this before.
And now the horse girls are
entering the home stretch.
Go!
They clear the first 1,000
meters in 59.9 seconds!
They pass the stands, bathed in applause,
as they enter the first corner.
There are about 20 lengths from first
to last place, showing how tight the
competition is going into the first corner.
Go!
Dia, give the Satono horse girls some hope!
I know you can do this, Diamond-san.
Eight hundred meters to go.
They're entering the third corner.
Number five, Chief Parser, is out
in front with a clear lead.
I'm carrying them.
The frustrations, wishes, and hopes
of the Satono horse girls.
I'll show it to them. With a
dazzling victory, the light of hope!
I'll make it happen. My dream—
and the wish of my family!
I am strong... stronger than anyone!
Dia-chan!
And now number three,
Satono Diamond, is making her move!
Number six, Divinity, also takes off.
They're moving up next to each other.
Chief Parser is trying to stay
in front with a two-length lead!
Go!
And now, the final straight!
They've all begun their last spurt!
The stands are quaking with cheers!
Go!
Number three, Satono Diamond,
is moving up on the outside.
And number six, Divinity,
has a two-length lead!
Original Shine was in the
rear and is also moving up!
Dia-chan!
She's out in front now! Number three,
Satono Diamond, is now in the lead!
On the inside is number 13, Jewel Spinel!
On the outside, number 11, Original Shine!
And number six, Divinity, is part of
the battle for second place!
Satono Diamond!
She has 100 meters left before making
her family's dream come true!
And Satono Diamond crosses the
goal in a definitive first place!
She took off and accelerated
all the way down that straight!
Just how strong is Satono Diamond?!
The number three runner is
the uncontested winner!
In the battle for second place,
we've got number 11, Original Shine,
Dia-chan!
on the outside, number 13,
Jewel Spinel, on the inside,
and number six,
Divinity, between them.
They were spread out across from each other.
Tokyo
Final
Nose
She did it! She did it!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm